Update README.md (#254)
iptv-org/awesome-iptv: README.md

- [EBK IPTV](https://www.ebk-iptv.online/) - Watch online with pre-defined lists, add custom URLs, favorite channels/genres, channel/country search, and PWA support.
- [tv.garden](https://tv.garden) - Explore and watch live TV from around the world with an intuitive globe interface, inspired by radio.garden.
- [Global Free TV](https://globalfreetv.com/) - Stream a wide range of free IPTV channels from various countries, offering easy access to international content through a user-friendly interface.

> - [Free IPTV Player](https://freeiptvplayer.net/) - Simply paste any M3U URL or upload an M3U playlist file to initiate streams directly on our free IPTV web player.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Free IPTV Player](https://freeiptvplayer.net/) - Tool for testing M3U files and enjoying live HLS TV UHD, FHD, HD, or SD streams on any browser-equipped device.
```
